[Music]
hey what's up my name is Luke and I'm
Paul we are with sauce and today we're
going to be doing a Floyd Detroit and
purple bed well Floyd Detroit bed frame
and purple bed review we're gonna show
you how to put together the Floyd bed
frame as well as our take on that and
the purple mattress that we put on top
of it yeah yeah let's go once you've
laid everything out it's time to start
putting it together now what I did is I
put one set of legs on each board one at
a time starting with one side and
working my way to the other each time
when I got it put up I used my 15 inch
MacBook Pro to measure from the edge now
you can do this with whatever you want
it doesn't really matter how far in or
how you are I think about the 15-inch
MacBook Pro length is almost perfect for
the depth that I needed it to be for my
aesthetic but for you with Kim Barry
once you get those laid out and measured
from the edge to the inside you can
start ratchet strapping together now
this is a little tricky because the
inside of the bed is a little harder to
get under so what what I did is I threw
it as far as I could and then we did a
remaining Granger and used my Harry
Potter poster to hook it underneath it
but you could probably use like a like a
yardstick or or even like a broom handle
before I work pretty good after you get
it wrapped around you straighten out the
straps get them all straight so they're
not twisted at all next we're gonna feed
the empty end of the cord into the
ratchet strap like so after you put it
through you're gonna pull it all the way
as tight as you can taking up all the
slack that you can possibly get dang it
all you got to make sure you got to put
them through the inside of the end last
Lego as you'll mess up but I got to do
it on the other side it's of dang it all
now that's all done you can feed it
through the ratchet strap and tighten it
as much as you can once it's as tight as
it can go you can start ratcheting it
down now if you need help on using the
ratchet straps look at your instructions
they're pretty simple once you put it
through you can just start doing it like
back and forth back and forth I'm not
actually sure how they work I just know
that they work and they're great make
sure while you're ratcheting those
together make sure that those ratchet
straps are inside the groove and this
can be really handy to have another
person on the other end holding it up
for you but if you are by yourself I
kind of made it work once when I did it
by myself but it's really much easier to
do it with a friend I use a purple
mattress on top purple is one of my
favorite mattress brands I wish I was
sponsored by them but no no no this is
sponsored it Floyd or purple want to
sponsor me and by all means please do
because I love all of your products I
think this is one of my favorite Floyd
products that I've ever bought and I do
have the utility set which is table legs
within IKEA top I did a review of that
like two days ago but yeah this is like
really aesthetic I love this bed I love
what it does and I love how it looks in
a room and I'm really excited to sleep
on my purple mattress again we've been
kind of vagabonding for the last three
months and it's good to be finally back
in my bed and that's how you put
together a Floyd Detroit bed it's
aesthetic it's durable and it's portable
the thing that the one common organ will
may be more of like a warning is it is
metal on the bottom and so if you have
wood floors they can potentially scratch
them it does come with a cork I like a
sticker bottom for the bottoms of those
metal I would also just recommend that
if you are on a wood floor I would just
invest in a rug and then that way you
have to worry about it anymore and it
also looks super acidic as far as the
purple goes it's super comfortable it is
I've never slept so good in my life on
that mattress so I'm able to get a good
night's rest and also wake up refreshed
and my back doesn't hurt and I can sleep
in that was nothing that I couldn't do
before the one thing that's nice about
the floyd is that it's super portable
the thing that's bad about the purple
mattress is it flops and it's really
heavy
but the night sleep you get makes up for
all of that yeah that's not really a con
but just kind of a common we actually
have two I have a purple not just blue
has a purple mattress we each have a
void bed set at the table that we
reviewed a few days ago and also the
that you can replace the wood you can
replace it with anything as long as it
fits the the actual metal braces for the
bed frame definitely check out these
products in the description below if you
if you think they're cool you should
tell them that we sent you just all the
go home on Instagram until appearance
I'll send two cents you will leave all
the info in the description below and
we'll see you in another video tomorrow
don't die okay bye
[Music]